Please fix the issues the app has. It may stem from these files @src/services/database.ts@src/hooks/useAuth.ts@src/services/sqlite-database.ts@src/hooks/useDatabase.tsbut it may also come from elsewhere so pls help to check it and also other parts of the app that will cause it to crash or hinder it from working and fix it.
Also fix the sign up issues, i tried to do so and got this error: database.signUp is not a function and also this when i try to use the same details for sign up to sign in database.signIn is not a function
I also notice that there is no forgot password mechanism. There needs to be. Let's make it so.
Also, build out the blogs that are currently there to their individual pages.
For the page on documentation, the title is blocked by the header; the formatting is a bit of an issue. The same thing with the pricing page, about, how to use, etc. For these pages there's an arrow on the top left to go back to home, but that is unnecesary since there is a header for home for navigation, and several of them have issues with the formatting header, spacing, alignment, and it's not a good experience for the user.
Then when i click on pages like the terms, contact and privacy policy, it takes me to the bottom of the page instead of the top of the page where the text begins. They still have the same navigation issue mentioned before.
Let's hide the 'Docs' for now and the details there. Let's instead create and have a 'coming soon' page with features that we will bring soon to the plaftform; prepopulate it with things that users would like to have in the future, no limits, and also include expected periods when they will be available on the platform.

Lastly, create a multi-step signup onboarding flow. The goal is to collect additional profile information immediately after signup to personalize their experience. The goal is to also gather the users location (country) their role (such as Student, Professor, Theologian, Doctor, etc...- come up with some others, including 'other' and they can put it in), a list of selected interests (e.g., biology, neurology, AI, design, startups, etc. [add others]—using multi-select), and user-defined goals (via a tag input or free-text field). The interface should guide users step-by-step through the process, with inline validation and error handling. Also include a tracker the user can see for their progress through the flow. Once onboarding is complete, redirect the user to the main dashboard.